Mom, I asked the doctor.
He said your surgery went very well
Just observe in the hospital for two days
You can go home and recuperate
Two more days of observation
How much will thatsetmeback?
Your body is the most important thing
We have plenty of money now.
This card has 1 million
With this money
You don't have to be so tired in the future
No, no, no.
My surgeries are all paid for by your biological parents
This is what they gave you.
I can't take it.
Just take it.
They are rich people
How can you be short of money?
And you think about it.
I went home with them.
I won't be short of money anymore
Yes, that mother will keep it for you first.
When do you want to use it in the future, ask your mother again.
This time thanks to your biological parents
Wait until mom is out of the hospital
You take mom to meet them
Mom must thank them in person for saving their lives
OK
Mom
actually
I came today.
To say goodbye
I tonight
I'm going home with them.